Add rate limit note; suggest caching/etags (#5614)
github/docs: content/developers/overview/secret-scanning.md

You can retrieve the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} secret scanning public key from https://api.github.com/meta/public_keys/secret_scanning and validate the message using the `ECDSA-NIST-P256V1-SHA256` algorithm.

> > Important: While the public key endpoint above does not require authentication, if no authentication is present, requests may be heavily rate limited.  Please use a PAT as suggested below, or implement caching or [conditional requests](/rest/guides/getting-started-with-the-rest-api#conditional-requests) using ETags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note %}

**Note**: When you send a request to the public key endpoint above, you may hit rate limits. To avoid hitting rate limits, you can use a personal access token as suggested below, or use a conditional request. For more information, see "[Getting started with the REST API](/rest/guides/getting-started-with-the-rest-api#conditional-requests)."

{% endnote %}
```
